You are scheduled for 10am individual therapy to
Gwenevere Abriel: Please text me back. If you are planning on attending otherwise I will offer this to a client that's on call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Testing, testing, can you hear me. Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me open up a note here and I saw you went by virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, yeah, sleep last night.
Nicole Roybal: Did I sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you get sleep last night.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I did.
Nicole Roybal: Sorry you cut out and he had said.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, I did. I finally, I want to be like 1030 still a little bit late, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: early enough to wake up at this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm what's going on that you're not protecting your sleep you're spending time with sister, because you've got an early morning group right if you stay up late you already know we've
Gwenevere Abriel: been through this before you know already know that. So what's going on, you're, you're not kind of protecting that time.
Nicole Roybal: I didn't feel just me and my sister.
Nicole Roybal: Were the same when we start talking. And we just keep talking, even though we know we will have to go to battle. Keep talking. We keep doing that, honestly, every night and she stays up all night because her and her boyfriend. I'm going to work. Go to work related
Nicole Roybal: So,
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. It was just stupid of me honestly as stupid of me just to stay up late talking to her knowing and I kept saying, up to go to bed after they have to go to bed and we kept talking and then ended up being like 230 emails.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I'm so sorry. I won't let it happen again. But like I just, oh, and then I do all my alarm goes like header about what it up for any of these calls is alarms iPhones right next to me. I
Nicole Roybal: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I called you a couple times to
Nicole Roybal: Know exactly
Nicole Roybal: I'm so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's just see what was there any inconvenience to you because of it. See, if any, if you've been inconvenienced by it.
Nicole Roybal: Let's just, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what way.
Nicole Roybal: Well, in the way that I wasn't able to make you to therapy and I really like
Nicole Roybal: Really get down on myself when I missed that, because I know you guys, so have so little time to be doing these things, you know, you have so many other appointments so for me to miss it. It's big. So like I feel like I don't know, it really gets to me. I feel a crap about it, honestly.
Nicole Roybal: I woke up, I was just like, I woke up late to open like 12 house a house a house like hey, you haven't slipped into sleep forever, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And and you're taking circle at night.
Nicole Roybal: No, I, I've been taking Doc's opinion switch back to the doctor pink circles just it's too strong, strong think that's smart.
Nicole Roybal: Because that yeah that was making me sleep. Way too much. So yeah, I went back to the doc sippin and I just take two and if I still can't sleep off that and I'll take one more. Maybe. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many days of medicine, do you have of the Suboxone at this point.
Nicole Roybal: I actually don't have any left
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're
Nicole Roybal: Motivated I have one left last night. So I actually didn't get paid my one and a half only was able to take one because I ran out because I didn't go to therapy ish
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So that's the piece of the inconvenience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's that's there to hopefully add to the motivation. Hey sis. I've got to go to this my medicine is attached to attending and I tend to sleep in so that adds to it. That's why it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Otherwise, people would give you a
Nicole Roybal: month's worth
Gwenevere Abriel: Month, right, but
Nicole Roybal: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget that, because I was asking you what's the inconvenience. That's a piece of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how's the roller coaster, the emotional roller coaster roller coaster with a boyfriend here where yet with all that
Nicole Roybal: Um, well, like, he's like, I haven't seen him or anything, but we've been like texting here and there. So I gave him the key either because I don't want to
Nicole Roybal: But we've been texting him there. And I'm found out I found out that he was just as miserable as
Nicole Roybal: He said that he's been like going through a real bad depression. He's been just like
Nicole Roybal: You said I hate reality already. I just wish it would end. And I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Calm down, like what's going on, like, why are you so sad. You know, and
Nicole Roybal: I was just talking to him and trying to like motivate emphasis that phase, if you wanted it to end. I was like, whoa, that's that's big like don't say that.
Nicole Roybal: really scared me so I've just been trying to, I guess, text in here and there, little motivational texts. I love you. Have a good day. Be good to yourself, like, stuff like that, you know, but I don't know what's been going on with him.
Nicole Roybal: So I guess I'm more on the roller coaster of being on his side. Again, the Canadian
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, it's your roller coaster. Right. You can get off when you want to
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, just, it's hard. I can't just drop him like I left him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me see where we left off before we were
Gwenevere Abriel: Starting. Oh, I see. Okay, we were starting to do a little bit of the
Gwenevere Abriel: VM. Dr. And
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm tell me over the last few days, let's say today is Wednesday. So as far as your ability to get up get done what you want to get done kind of walk me through what these last couple days have been like
Nicole Roybal: I'm actually I've been feeling really good. I keep like feeling like I'm getting sick and then it goes away. It'll be here for like a day and like last week I was throwing up like crazy, like I couldn't stop. And then the next day I finally eight and then I felt better.
Nicole Roybal: Because I haven't really been eating as much as it's like also like depression you know
Nicole Roybal: And so I've been getting sick here and there, but then it goes away and then it comes back. And so, some days I'm great. And I'm get up and I feel great. And then there's the days where I'm not sure if I'm getting sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not you're not drinking alcohol.
Nicole Roybal: No, no, I'll just feel like really nauseous, sometimes, but then it's also, I'm not eating good. So like, I'm not eating enough
Nicole Roybal: So I think that has a lot to do with it. Some days, I'll go without eating just because I just nothing. Sounds good. I don't have an appetite. I guess is what it is. And I just, I don't want to eat. Okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Nicole Roybal: To the point where I'm I get nauseous. I'm still hungry. And then finally, I'll make myself, eat, and I'll feel better. I think it's just being malnourished is the problem. I don't know why I'm doing it myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's what's in your kitchen. Now, is there a piece of toast that you could be what's in there now.
Nicole Roybal: I'm really big on bread. So it's like, can we have, we have a lot of food to choose from. It's just, I just don't want anything to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a different. So what's in there.
Nicole Roybal: Um, how to serve.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their cereal.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, but I don't eat cereal because milk hurts my stomach. Okay. Oh, I'm
Nicole Roybal: Eating and I have
Nicole Roybal: I do have lactose free milk. So that's actually just an excuse
Nicole Roybal: Me either cereal and there's
Nicole Roybal: There's toast.
Nicole Roybal: There's like leftover food. My mom's we making like there's meat will finish to listen. Okay. But there's food, you know, it's just, I don't know. I don't want it.
Nicole Roybal: And cucumbers now and there's making me feel gross.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right so cucumbers, maybe, maybe that's not the way to go, not feeling good eating that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you are doing something a little different. Why don't you see if eating a piece of bread.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you put butter on it, maybe you don't. Maybe put peanut butter. I don't know, but put. See if you can try it maybe take a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you're right about that. Maybe in the morning, making sure that you have some food in your stomach when you're taking taking this medicine. Maybe that'll help
Nicole Roybal: And that's it. I was wondering if maybe it's affecting the medicine is affecting me more to because I don't want to my stomach. So it's just medicine, that's, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and you're, you're so right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you notice that you're hungry.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, so very like Lucy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so why not go in and get a piece of bread. You don't have to toast it just take a little bit, bring it in here with you hold it and let's just see what happens. Let's just grab a piece of bread.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where we go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Water near Bubba to
Gwenevere Abriel: Or coffee, whichever
Nicole Roybal: Try to close it, just a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You toasted a little bit
Nicole Roybal: There's a little bit. I didn't really toast.
Nicole Roybal: butter on it wouldn't just tear up the bread.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see what's happening when you kind of look at it and you think about breaking off a piece and having a little bit to see what comes up for you.
Nicole Roybal: So disgusted honestly don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't look good. Okay, well, since this isn't you're not eating to eat emotionally you're eating for fuel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. OK.
Nicole Roybal: OK, I will
Nicole Roybal: To like like I haven't been wise during the money part. But then I also need cigarettes, but I haven't even like been able to donate because I know my iron yet. I might go to you won't be high enough, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So how does that get improved. What are you going to do there.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I need to eat and I soon as I need to be eating high protein and iron foods and that's, like, read me ok October peanuts and I do have peanuts. I've been eating peanuts actually happened eating. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any would it be better if you put peanut butter on the bread.
Nicole Roybal: I don't like peanut butter.
Nicole Roybal: So picky like like I'm stupid. I'm crazy.
Nicole Roybal: I'm worried about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the
Gwenevere Abriel: Sleep and eat are are pretty critical for functioning. So notice how even you laid out what's happening, because this is disrupted.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, right. I know like I already know the reasons are, but I don't know, I can't fix it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the reasons.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I don't. Well, I know like I'm not eating because under passing on my eating just listings, but I know why I'm feeling nauseous. Why keep feeling sick, it's because I'm hungry. And I know that's why that's all I'm saying is, like,
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can kind of put the brighter side and maybe go grab that bag of peanuts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Delicious. Look at those making promises, but we can at least have them.
Nicole Roybal: Ever my next
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's already open.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe just take one out, take a look at it.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And so looking at it, kind of like this is a bit like medicine. It's something that your body actually has to have or these other negative things happen. Kind of look at it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much, how many of those do you think that you need today this morning to kind of give you some protein.
Nicole Roybal: Like three bags.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot.
Nicole Roybal: Because I know it's low
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. What if you just eat maybe five of them right
You could do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got something to wash it down with
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay and and it's not eating emotionally. It's, I need to feed this body. That would be the mindset behind it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on.
Nicole Roybal: I just don't want to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, now once in your mouth. What are you noticing.
Nicole Roybal: Very dry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we got some water there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It tastes good. Is it salty. Is it a little sweet, are those the right nuts.
Nicole Roybal: Because I'm going to say anything.
Nicole Roybal: Kind of black yeah yeah cuz I don't, I don't know, it's because of my mindset. Now I'm thinking. Let's go stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go. Stop. Okay, well you know what, we still need to still need to eat.
Nicole Roybal: I know so much water.
Nicole Roybal: It'll make me not just because I drink so much water. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: The relationship with food changes, you know, so keep keep nibbling on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you can see, you can see the connection. You're, you have some depression, you don't feel like eating don't enjoy the same things the way you used to. So lots changing, we've got to make. And so you're not protecting sleep you're not protecting your eating. Think about it. These are critical.
Nicole Roybal: Got to eat. We have
Nicole Roybal: Ya know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know,
Nicole Roybal: I guess I don't care. This was at the moment. Maybe, maybe.
Nicole Roybal: So, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Last, last week we were talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you had mentioned that your dad was sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Pushing guilt.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it seem like the dynamics between
Gwenevere Abriel: YouTube has relaxed a little bit
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, definitely. I just noticed. Don't go in their room processor at times. So when he's a little to buzz and starts being an asshole. So, okay, start seeing away more even more than I already do do
Nicole Roybal: Okay, I'm just
Asking
Nicole Roybal: Him to look like seven. He's like, Oh, you're ready going to bed. Sorry, I was like, no one thing like to tell you, I'm gonna go and say,
Nicole Roybal: Okay, the other room.
Nicole Roybal: Everyone always fix that. So I say inside. It's like we're outside no insight into another room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I get it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: When we were talking last last session about this belief you have about yourself, right, we were moving from sort of a negative belief.
Gwenevere Abriel: To a positive one, which is I can do this. I'm strong enough.
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember the next day and you know if that's Friday, I think we probably met on a Friday. Right. That's pretty typical for us if we met on Friday, which we did. What did you end up doing on on Saturday, February 8 20 do
Nicole Roybal: I know I was using those exercises a lot with plates Jami myself in my mind with the people that I think are strong and support me and stuff or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: People. I don't know what everybody
Nicole Roybal: And I was doing on Saturday, and then it kind of just like faded away as the days went on like I just, I kind of forgot about it, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine. What did you do, Sam.
Nicole Roybal: Did physically what I did on Saturday was me and my sister. We went to the gym.
Nicole Roybal: Job in China, like at least every two days, I guess if that and
Nicole Roybal: Jam and stay too.
Nicole Roybal: Do much today. Honestly, I think I just stayed home after that and just oh I clean to clean the house again and I slept, and I'm often everything and
Nicole Roybal: Then I just know I'm living room. I think my sister and her boyfriend was in here. So I think main however mainly just hanging out all day. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just taking a look at your readiness to either be volunteering in the community because staying busy is is an important piece of this saying, okay, I want to, I want to look for a job or I want to do some volunteering either one.
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't career. This isn't you know the big I want to go back to school moment, but it's a keeping busy thing. So I love the fact that you're going to the gym.
Nicole Roybal: I think that's outstanding.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's still a lot of negative influence around you right now with the alcohol. So I'd love for you to be busy, busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what are some ideas that you can put put in motion.
Nicole Roybal: This week,
Nicole Roybal: Well, there's that church is the church right here next to our house at my mom's house and they do, they are always accepting volunteers and what they do is they just give out like food like Needy Families and stuff like that.
Uh huh.
Nicole Roybal: Uh huh. It really does make me feel good. If
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to get something just in case, like a bucket or something.
Nicole Roybal: I
Nicole Roybal: Think I'm just, I'm working because I do too much water, but, um, anyway. Yeah, so they have a volunteer thing there. That's right, like three minutes away walking
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the name of the church.
Nicole Roybal: Rio Grande Presbyterian Church.
Nicole Roybal: And that's something where I used to. I was on probation. When I was like 17 and I had to do.
Nicole Roybal: Community Service or whatever. And that's where I did my hours. Actually, I really liked it simple. You just they come in, they give you a certain number of their how much is in their family and they just give them a certain amount of food.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you already have their number
Nicole Roybal: Yes, I believe I do in my, in my mind, it's like 83653 to two or something like that. I know their number. Alright, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: I also have i don't know how i have not mentioned this, but I'd like you to go to to schedule so call and schedule a primary care physicians appointment. This has been an ongoing thing really wanting to make sure that you're in good health. I can you make that call get that scheduled
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if you say, oh, I don't have a primary care. That's okay. You can get a new one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really want to make sure that you're doing. Okay, you have a big change that's going on here.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, my primary care physician.
Nicole Roybal: She's retired and they keep resigning her to me, and she's, she's retired. So yeah, I have to get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to get on the phone and you're going to say I want three names and numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Nicole Roybal: I want. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Three names and numbers primary care physician in my area. And that's something you do today.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and then take a look over there, like you said, This Rio Grande, and it's not, I'm looking at something here is that 600 Corps Boulevard is that we're what you are tell you
Nicole Roybal: That should be that should be it. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Winter and spring worship and the sermons becoming Christians tough love February 16
Listen to Jesus. Exodus.
Nicole Roybal: Yes, that's the church. I was also talking about that they have the aid meetings as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't find all too soon luncheon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's this. Oh, here we go. I got a number for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like food project.
Gwenevere Abriel: Volunteers needed to
Gwenevere Abriel: Sign up contact Lisa Fernandez
Gwenevere Abriel: At the food project 831 3778
Gwenevere Abriel: And they host
Gwenevere Abriel: A meeting at 8pm on Fridays. So a on Friday Thursday evening na
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is Narcotics Anonymous at 7pm.
Nicole Roybal: At the same time,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Nicole Roybal: Doesn't change here. You said, Yeah, I had to go there for it. So I was on probation and I to me and Amy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Write this number down
Gwenevere Abriel: There's two numbers here for information. Also, it looks like I can't tell if this is another volunteer opportunity, but in case that other one doesn't get you anywhere. I've got
Gwenevere Abriel: They need
Gwenevere Abriel: Volunteers for something else here at 831 1143
Gwenevere Abriel: So that might be a second number for you to explore some volunteering opportunities there.
Nicole Roybal: I remember actually sounds more familiar than the other one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. They've got, um, they had it. They had a little hike. They had one in January.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sunday 10am
Worship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stays 1230 to to bring a sack lunch and join us Bible study.
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Nicole Roybal: not really one for like church stuff.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. You mentioned gardener thing, but I just, I don't like wearing a shirt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's fine. I yeah I'm not pushing it. You mentioned it. And I happen to pull it up here. So, for
Nicole Roybal: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: For you hearing certain things when you say church stuff. What is what's the part that you get kind of uncomfortable around or
Nicole Roybal: If it's just
Nicole Roybal: Every day I went to this legacy church that's more down the road. And I think that's an action might be a Catholic Church. It's not Christian.
Nicole Roybal: And also, so I went to this legacy church and they're Christian to and like every time I went the guy was like talking about he was saying like
Nicole Roybal: You don't pray for people that are dead. They're already gone and I had just lost my best friends like it like hit me hard. I was
Nicole Roybal: Like forget you, like, why would I pray for someone that's already good and then like certain my goal. I notice there's always something that I don't agree with what they're seeing
Nicole Roybal: If I can raise my hand and be like, hey, you're wrong.
Nicole Roybal: And I'm wanting to seek my opinion. So it's hard for me just to stay quiet.
Nicole Roybal: And I think, I think that's what it is about it is I get uncomfortable with some of this topics. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, for some people it's taking in the parts that they liked it feels like a connection to spirituality and they can push aside the delivery of the information and maybe there's a particular sermon. They don't like or there's a pastor, they don't like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just keep in mind that you can take in what works for you just sort of let let the rest go
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you're still, you're still a very young person, you know, I mean, you're still kind of figuring out who you are and
Gwenevere Abriel: What you like and what you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Lots of time to get that all worked
Nicole Roybal: Out. Yeah, that's hard. It's hard to figure that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's take a look at where you are with. So a really important. What is is that primary care physician. This is about a month or two overdue. Um, I don't know how I didn't focus on that with you before. It's been on the list of to do's
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I don't think you've ever told me to do that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's under
Gwenevere Abriel: Under alcohol dependence schedule appointment with primary care physician client will call insurance carrier and obtain three names numbers and addresses. I think I probably talked about it, but you were still working.
Gwenevere Abriel: Off of the alcohol and wasn't remembered
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, wanting you to monitor heart rate pulse and other symptoms of the detoxing so I just really want to make sure you're in good health. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then come back and you know it could very well be when you investigate this stuff at the church around volunteering, you may dove tail or redirection somewhere else. I don't really care where I think the idea is, get in the community get in to your life. Get in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's not a job that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But getting busy. It's going to be important.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I know. It's very important.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and you mentioned a depression, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What are some that I heard about the the appetite.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it getting to the point where you are, you're wanting to take your own life is depression getting that bad. No, I didn't know if
Gwenevere Abriel: You noticed it in your boyfriend and it alerted you and you didn't like that. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so let's um let's move over to some of these sort of introspective concepts that we started to explore before and
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe bring me into a topic that's come up that was maybe upsetting for you or kind of bring me into what's been setting. It can be anything you want.
Nicole Roybal: Well, just, I mean, mainly, of course, my boyfriend or and that's a sucks. I don't even know what to call me and if I call my boyfriend.
Nicole Roybal: And that's really been getting to me. It's just him and I find myself thinking about it. Then I just don't even want to get out of bed summer league.
Nicole Roybal: Lane my own puddles pity.
Nicole Roybal: Right. It sucks because they like a goddess after myself just pity party that's ridiculous. Get up, stop being depressed, like, it's like he's like, I need him to be me. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that's, that's really what I'm wondering.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a lot of people they
Gwenevere Abriel: They feel as if they've lost half of themselves when they break up or there's a separation or divorce.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's been such a split like you're going to be this part and then there's me and without you. I'm half. I'm just not this whole person and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so why don't you tell me a little bit about what you think you're missing.
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Nicole Roybal: Like the
Nicole Roybal: I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: It's like everything I do now is just like halfway. Like, I can't put my full like feelings into anything that I feel because I, they're not there. I don't know how to explain it. It's weird. Like, I can't be happy because I know
Nicole Roybal: I'm actually not happy. I don't know. I can't explain it. I just, I feel like I'm being fake all the time like I'm putting on a fake smile when inside. I'm actually crumbling up. You guys okay and that's how I don't know how to explain all that. That's basically the gist of it, I guess.
Nicole Roybal: And that's not what you asked me either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty a pretty quality answer I would say I think you're really trying to understand and
Gwenevere Abriel: what it sounds like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've talked to me about this before that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know this man is where, you know, in his company you feel loved.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just wonder, without that kind of nearby or knowing that you're going on to it or it's going to be there later.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're left with
What
Nicole Roybal: Exactly.
Nicole Roybal: And I'm like, I'm like, no, I live in my way. And I come to my mom's house. And I'm like, trying to, like, make them change the way they live because I'm how I'm used to, like,
Nicole Roybal: Like cleanliness and stuff like I'm like washing the dishes like little things. Just little things.
Nicole Roybal: And I by myself trying to make them change the way they live. And it's like, oh, well, I kind of do that and then I feel like I'm shooting even more in their house. Nice. It's like I don't belong
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever felt like you belong in this family.
Nicole Roybal: Guess not thought about that because I'm the middle child. I've always been like on the middle child. No one cares about me and like I've always got my least attention. I guess it's about. It's about not saying that's how it is. But that's how I felt.
Nicole Roybal: And
Nicole Roybal: Like I'm the only one that graduated and everything, but then all my other brothers and sisters get way more stuff for my parents tonight and it's like what
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't make sense to you.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: But I mean, every child is different. And as the kids. My parents have so many kids. I think now they're down to their last one that's still in his teenage years. They're just like, whatever. Let me give you once
Gwenevere Abriel: You graduated from high school.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, yeah. And none of my other siblings. They got TVs and stuff, but they didn't actually graduate high school
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes it a lot, a lot more effort to actually show up every day and go to those classes and do the homework so much commitment.
Nicole Roybal: And I stayed an extra year to
Nicole Roybal: Add to senior years
Nicole Roybal: Why
Nicole Roybal: Just cuz like for seniors kind of partying.
Nicole Roybal: You know, being a teenager. And then the second year, I took like I had like nine classes a year and I just worked my butt off and I graduated
Nicole Roybal: So no, I have to together but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole is anyone in your life, encouraging you.
Nicole Roybal: Know my
Nicole Roybal: My little sister. I told you I've been talking to a lot. She really encourages me a lot to do what to just to be better and like she like
Nicole Roybal: Always like if I'm excited about Danielle. She like remind me like the bad stuff and like remember like there's these cons. Like, don't be sad. Like you could be better. You could do this like she's so tell me that
Nicole Roybal: So one or two.
Gwenevere Abriel: part. That's the part I'm interested in. So someone that's nurturing and maybe your sister has that in her but has she the ability to nurture for self is she going to school. Is she seeing an embracing her own potential and therefore can see it in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is this all about boyfriend have one don't have one, which is, it's a very different leverage of self esteem focusing on. Do I have boyfriend or not. Am I okay without right this other person.
Nicole Roybal: And for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now while you're doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work. I just wonder what it would be like if you just did a little exploration and see, see what interests you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back in school and kind of remember back when you were in high school and say, Did I kind of like math. I like science. Did I like poetry. Did I like writing. I like what Kate you like. Do you remember
Nicole Roybal: Rosa thing. Yesterday I was actually talking about that. Oh sounds really good at it. I just don't like it. Oh, you asked me what I liked them and then
Nicole Roybal: Because I know I was really good at some things, but I didn't like it like I was really good at architecture, but it's just boring.
Nicole Roybal: To measure, measure, measure, measure, but also good at it so good it even have a credit seeing them in architecture already
Nicole Roybal: But I didn't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing that ever actually really like
Gwenevere Abriel: So how likely is it you're going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Able to figure that out when all of your mind is going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel's with me, Daniel. Start with me. DANIEL. DANIEL. DANIEL
Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does take a minute to kind of say, well, what, what do I like and you get to go find out. Same way with architecture, you get into it and then you find out real time. I don't like it. I don't like it.
Nicole Roybal: One thing I love is. I love cooking and I always wanted to be a pastry chef. When I was younger, but I don't want to get into a career of that and then end up hating it is something I love and I don't want to end up hating it you know
Nicole Roybal: So that's where I kind of like where it blocks squared.
Away tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you cooking pastries now.
Nicole Roybal: No, I'm more just like a regular cook now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't really know if you
Gwenevere Abriel: If you ended up hating making pastries, tell me what the downside is about
Nicole Roybal: Because I want a career. Enjoy. I want to go to work, like I want to have a job that I want to go to, not a job in my work again. I hate my life. I hate work great job. I want a job that I enjoy where it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Work right but you went you moved from I think you went so fast. I think I'd like it. I don't want to do it because then I don't WANT to hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, you, you haven't gotten out there yet and really done career stuff which is very different jobs are different than careers careers. You have plenty of time to get the training.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're there getting training really learning. Is this something I wanted to do you get to find out. And the reality is
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people change their careers. They go in, they think that it's this may make a change, there's not this big I they're not I wasted my time. Now it's my interests have changed. I have changed. So you're getting way ahead of it and it's keeping you from even starting
Nicole Roybal: Well, I feel like whatever my next job is, it has to be my lifelong job because I'm getting to the age where I gotta, I gotta be steady and I got to have a job that is going to last forever. So that's like pressure on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole that's irrational, where's that coming from
Nicole Roybal: Because I'm getting older. I'm going to be 32 years and I just, I feel like we like us to be together by that like Time's running out. I need to get my life together and even have a steady job I need how's
Nicole Roybal: Everything good and I need to have a job that I'm ready to keep for the rest of my life. Because if not,
Gwenevere Abriel: Then that that's not realistic, Nicole.
Nicole Roybal: Sure about getting a job. That's why I like it freaks me out because I need to get something that's going to last for my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you need to do is be busy. The rest of its going to fall in line. You don't know that yet. And it just, you may have to rely on what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: For someone else that you trust, Nicole. It's going to come in line.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will. But the point is not that it maps. Some. This is the recipe of what happy will be no you're going to recognize happy along the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know you get if you got yourself into a job. We don't even know. Yeah, you've been drinking before you get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're like, Huh. Well, I kind of like this idea of moving up I want to explore a little bit more responsibility and maybe it's only about feeling what it's like to be a manager. What's it like to be in charge of people I want to know what that feels like.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. And then you talk to someone you run into someone and now there's this whole other field that opens up for you. We know that's a rare person that knows exactly. Okay, this is where my passion is. And this is what I want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: People go out there and they test out some things
Nicole Roybal: It's just I feel like I have to get everything together. Else, my life is going to just stay the same. And I'm always have mediocre jobs.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, Nicole. You're you've been using that logic. And where has it gotten you
Nicole Roybal: Know I just
Nicole Roybal: Not in school. Now that I'm sober everything. It feels so much more. I feel everything so much more now.
Oh, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: It's hard. It's I'm already an over ready over exaggerate everything. So now it's been worse. I'm like really
Gwenevere Abriel: So, right. Okay, so we're so I'm picking up on
Nicole Roybal: Something
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit maybe about myself and and the key is you just you just do one thing. So today, it's about physical health. Notice how it was about food. Notice how we were talking about sleep, you can have these lofty dreams. If you're not sleeping and eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. You're not even protecting your sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, how are you going to protect sleep when you have a job, how you going to protect sleep if you commit to a student loan and you're going to school and people are noisy and write your logic is why I want to, I want to smoke.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't want to be somewhere else. You have a you have still some kid logic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so what that's fine to me you're you're you're young and in more. So this alcohol has inhibited the growth. So although chronologically, you may say, Okay, I'm pushing right you're 27 or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: But sort of on a psychological level, you might be much younger than that. So it doesn't surprise me and
Nicole Roybal: I feel like late because of all these years I've been drinking all basically all my 20s on Warren, obviously, but like when it got really bad was like all of my 20s.
Nicole Roybal: And I like I lost all these years, and all of a sudden, bam, I'm gonna be 28 this year like whoa okay we have to get my shit together. I've been acting like a kid all these years, maybe I'm kidding. My brain, but it's like full map to grow up like I have to be sure I have to
Nicole Roybal: Go back now and after
Gwenevere Abriel: No, not now. No.
Not now. Get a cook. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you know i feel i get i know you're saying that but that's making you overwhelmed. That's not going to work. What works is one thing at a time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go you protect your sleep. You make sure you're eating at least three times a day you protect those things. You come back to yourself and you say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: If I was taking care of a child would I make sure my child. Ate, and slept. Yes, you would. Well, how about you treat yourself at least as valuable as that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to protect those things. Okay, I've got a handle on that. Well, I certainly need to go to a pediatrician. Okay, I would make sure that there were routine checkups.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just stopped drinking. This is huge. I want to make sure my physiology is in good health and I go and I get a checkup.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your you just push that off to the side that thing you do, or I've got to already have it all figured out. No you don't, you're healing right now. Right now you just do some basics, get some confidence under there. You come back in here and you say, I did them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I took care of myself. I can show myself responsibility because what you look like is you look like you're Shane activated, it doesn't look like you're just in in accountability and responsibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's wiping you out that says to me, that's shame it. Look how productive, it is, it makes you want to not move.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't work. I have yet to see it work with people.
Nicole Roybal: Think I just thought I'd be in a much better place than I am. When I was younger, at this age, I thought I'd be
Nicole Roybal: Not here to have been a better place. You know know
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to spend time. Feeling Like Crap, have that thought.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, true, very true.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, I'm not exaggerating, you can dip into that and feel bad anytime you want to. It always be there. I could do it to
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone can do it. The second you compare yourself to other people or some imagined sort of thing that you had in mind about who you would be, you can make yourself feel bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not a motivator. It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: The opposite, opposite. That's why I keep trying to tell you guys that doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do the things we just talked about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check your sleep. Make sure you're eating healthy as in this is your medicine three times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not chips talking about a balanced meal. We're talking. You've got to have fruits and vegetables. You've got to have protein. You've got to have sort of those complex sort of whole grains.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's, that's what you're needing you need to see a primary care physician. So you do that you come back in here and you do the thought stopping and you say, I'm detoxing from shame. Now to
Nicole Roybal: Well, it's always something crazy nuts.
Gwenevere Abriel: push it aside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicola, you have an incredible amount of time on your hands for people that are not working in our in school, you have all the time in the world to spend
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking thinking, thinking, thinking,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were busy, there would be less time for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're going to call the volunteer place, go find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're spending a lot of time ruminating and thinking about that stuff. OK.
Nicole Roybal: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: I truly believe you accomplish these little tasks and you come back to me and you tell me I did them.
And hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: A friend said something about going to to school to try out culinary arts or something like that. I looked into it or you got to the point where you got online and you started to Lucky went to the library and he checked it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you come back and you tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: What you found what you felt when you did that, that is, that's the step. It's not this other stuff this this whip that you're putting yourself through like I'm a bad person, because I should be somewhere else in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't waste your time. It won't work. I mean, you're going to do what you're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you'll probably be miserable, like this, like you said that pity party thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't seen it work with anybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would have
Nicole Roybal: If it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, I promise you if it would work.
Gwenevere Abriel: We would have a group on let's all call ourselves these horrible names. Let's do it together. Now I'm a shit and and it's going to motivate us today, but it doesn't
It really doesn't
Nicole Roybal: And I don't know why us as humans we do it to ourselves and knowing that we're doing it to ourselves and we just keep doing it I sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: How did your mother and father motivated you
Nicole Roybal: They've been good actually. I haven't really been fighting with them at all like
Gwenevere Abriel: Younger
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did they motive. They you
Nicole Roybal: Oh, you cut out you and say, my dad and
Nicole Roybal: My mom would always just say so me as long as I get good grades and I go to school, then I could smoke me
Nicole Roybal: And I feel like that's in a weird way, how they motivated me it'd be like you do good and you like do all this good stuff. Like, you're gonna graduate and you'll be able to have a good life and
Nicole Roybal: But also, like, you'll be able to. Here's your reward for going to school, getting the greatest joy.
Nicole Roybal: I know we're probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me say it back to you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah I know it sounds bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Snow but but listen to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you were taught was that you get to have a drug.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you get good grades, go to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the promises that everything's gonna work out fine.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: That'd be able to like have a good job, stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was she correct
Nicole Roybal: The school part. Yeah, but how you said how like smoking weed stunted my growth in my brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: It did.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened was because you were smoking weed during that time. A lot of the information that maybe could have been stored and
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have learned life experience. It got pruned marijuana cuts it off. It just cuts off the memory just CO, CO, CO. So you notice how right now you're sweating to give yourself a hard time. Why am I not further ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Combinations combination of probably some environmental stuff and you were smoking weed during that time. And then there's alcohol so cut yourself a break.
Gwenevere Abriel: The kind of parenting that we're talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: I never read in a text. I've never heard from anyone that rewarding their children with marijuana
Gwenevere Abriel: An effective parenting approach.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it sound was like I was
Nicole Roybal: Gonna I was gonna smoke it either way. I was already smoking. It was just now. They knew and so they're like, Okay, well, we won't
Nicole Roybal: Be mean to you about it as long as you're getting good grades.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you do that for your children. So, picture your 10 year old is in middle school and they're they're smoking weed. Would you do the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why
Why
Nicole Roybal: Well, I say beat the shit out of them.
Nicole Roybal: No, I'm just kidding. But no, I'm knowing. Now if I hadn't done therapy and I had never met you know this ever happened.
Nicole Roybal: Probably would probably just be trying out everybody smoking, but knowing. Now, what it does to your mind and how it starts to grow in your mind and everything, guys. Why I wouldn't let them because I don't want them to be like me.
Nicole Roybal: That make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does. I guess I'm still. Do you have any little young nieces or nephews.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any that are little like eight 910
Nicole Roybal: My niece belly up. I never really see her. It's my
Nicole Roybal: older sisters first daughter. She had and she got taken away when she was like seven and now she's like, I'm gonna be 10 I think
Nicole Roybal: And
Nicole Roybal: But yeah, I don't ever. I never see her. She lives in Silver City or no, no, no.
Nicole Roybal: Well, that's what we're seeing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture her for a second picture telling her. Yeah, you're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to see other kids will think it's cool. They're going to want to do these smoke weed and drink.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you teach her. What would you tell her about what she could do instead
Nicole Roybal: Well, I tell her to get instead of to make sure to stay away from those kids going out with them because it's going to suck you in and then you'll want to do it being around them seeing them doing it. So make you want to do it. So just stay within the bad kids join cheer join club.
Nicole Roybal: Join like a lot of like school activities, you know that. What's going to distract you from hanging out with those bad kids.
Nicole Roybal: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're not bad kids.
Nicole Roybal: Well, not that. Oh yeah, that's true. I shouldn't be saying it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just like you right there are bad people.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're choosing and probably their families and doors. This idea that drugs and alcohol are acceptable for young developing body and
Gwenevere Abriel: Every house is different, every home is different. The rules the expectations are different.
Hmm.
Nicole Roybal: It's definitely true.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there. Watch this is good for you, Nicole to say this stuff out loud. If we don't call them bad once you talk about what cheer does, what does joining choir do what does running track playing an instrument. What does it do for developing
Gwenevere Abriel: Mind and a growing body. What does it do for a young person to do these these activities.
Nicole Roybal: One is the for college apps.
Nicole Roybal: Just kidding. But, but, no, I think it, what it does is it just it
Nicole Roybal: Puts you in your own world in a different world from those people. They live in different worlds, whatever, but it puts you in your own world where you're going to be around other people that are in a good world. I guess I'm Tansy and that
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Nicole Roybal: Just being around more positive people being around more people that are still burn just they do they go running for fun early. I do not explain what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but do you notice that it is hard for you to identify the value of cheer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right it doesn't come naturally to you. It's, it's, it's still comparing it to bad kids. But it's more than just the fact that you're spending time with this group of kids. We've covered that that part you can identify
Gwenevere Abriel: When a child. Studies music. It literally develops the connection. The corpus callosum between both sides of the brain. I don't really care whether my son plays a trombone, or whatever. I like what it does for his developing brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And more than that, he gets to see what it's like. Watch to do something he literally looked at this little.on a piece of paper and he never. He was like, what is that squiggle, that's a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, if I if I make this sound here. I look at this, I can make that sound and then he learned something else, he saw something that once you did not know. And now he knows how to do it. He knows that about himself and guess what that does the self esteem.
Nicole Roybal: Hey raises it
Gwenevere Abriel: Back. Yeah. Does what just going to a chair and no and you are like, Oh my gosh, I have no idea what this new routine is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: And guess what you do. You hear the music you watch it, you feel yourself doing it. Do you have any idea what that does for a young person that content, I can go from knowing nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: To practicing it I face that fear and I did it, guess, guess what happens
Gwenevere Abriel: When she goes out and wants to do something she's never done before she has a lifetime. She has 10 years of having gone out with a supportive apparent right saying
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you don't know that you can do it, but I've watched you write a parent says to their little one. I know you got this all right here. I got your girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not just about avoiding bad kids. It's about getting into your own efficacy and I'm looking at you right now. Nicole that was missing.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see it. So I'm sitting here, fighting like I'm like, where is it, where is it, where is it, where is it, where is it, I'm like, wait a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have done difficult things and I understand you have forgotten and it hasn't stuck. But you have gone to jobs that you did not know how to do it. You didn't know how to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. The, what was the
Gwenevere Abriel: Not algebra, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What the heck was the thing you said it's boring. When you do all the angles.
Nicole Roybal: Geometry. No. Oh. Architecture architecture.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't know how to do that until you learn how to do it, but you forgotten that you have that skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this has to do with a self esteem piece and it's just it's gotten some erosion to it. I know you're going to be just fine. I truly do but you're getting ahead way in the hypothetical stuff. I know you're going to be fine.
Nicole Roybal: As my teachers. I feel so much pressure on my teacher
Nicole Roybal: When I hear you. I felt because I can hear your dad saying you need to go. Hurry up. Hurry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up know they they kind of failed.
Nicole Roybal: It's also Daniels always pushing me to be like he's the main one up with the idea in my head that I need to have my life together by 30
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, where was he when you were drinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you know this is a lot more complicated than that. Nicole, you are missing a good enough piece from your caregivers to say
Gwenevere Abriel: It is not okay. It's not okay that you poison your brain while your, your brain wasn't even done growing literally until last year and you're giving yourself shit about it. That's ridiculous. No.
Nicole Roybal: Stopping associate about it. So now it you know
Gwenevere Abriel: That that doesn't, it doesn't work. What works is you need as if you were that little 12 year old right
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's going to go out for cheer you need someone on your side saying you've got this girl I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go out, you like it you don't like it, you kind of suck at it and you don't want to keep trying to get better than you come back we reconvene and we do another one. We go do something else, just that simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: No shame nothing negative we go, just go out, go find out what you like. None of this, I should be married about that all that, that, that, that, that, that's all you're going to get the life you want, it's going to be this stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You give your, your penalizing yourself along the way.
Nicole Roybal: That isn't that something
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not the journey, that's going to get you wanting to drink.
Nicole Roybal: Now on that's I feel that way. It's like I wasted all this is shrinking and poisoning my body. Now I'm clean but it's like oh you wasted all this time. You don't even deserve to
Nicole Roybal: Because we wasted so much
Gwenevere Abriel: You missed group.
Nicole Roybal: Yesterday,
Gwenevere Abriel: Show you get your camera ready. I'm going to show you something. I want you to do this homework. This was literally on shame versus guilt. This weekend last week I'm going to share my screen. Yeah.
Where is it Denton stuff you can work on to
During this week.
Right share their screens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, take a screenshot of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: fill these in and get back to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is like
Gwenevere Abriel: And you saw the one where it was the blue and green that work. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: You missed the second half, where we went over that together this this one because it was a two week deal
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to either attend this Thursday at 11 or this Friday, where we can go over when you fill that out and you tell me kind of what you did, which one could you attend as a makeup group.
Nicole Roybal: Thursday at 11 sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you don't have to do if you don't want to meet on Friday at nine because we're meeting. Now, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's kind of wrap it up a little bit earlier, we're at the end.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you notice about yourself today that was important for you.
Nicole Roybal: I gotta, I gotta give myself as I gotta stop giving myself so much shit. Uh huh. Cuz
Nicole Roybal: There's people that are even worse positions and me at this age and at least now I'm clean Alice. I'm actually doing something and I gotta let myself know that I have more word
Nicole Roybal: Over friends, Daniel.
Nicole Roybal: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Wish I I wish for you that somehow
Nicole Roybal: People in your life were
Gwenevere Abriel: Able to give you this this this unmet need this part about you got this like just to kind of be this cheerleader for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish there were more of those people around.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, six only have like one
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you can do it but but come back.
Nicole Roybal: And if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Do these things make the call get the three names primary care call the volunteer place. Let's do this homework, okay, get in it. I really think you're going to say these are little tasks.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to let your let your doctor know that you'll be coming by. On Thursday, as a makeup group and we'll get you medicine to get you there.
Nicole Roybal: Doesn't say can you have her send me or setting up your friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do it right now.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, thanks so much. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, bye.
Nicole Roybal: Have a good day. You too.